README.md, before:

# Project Name

Project Description

## Live Version

This page is not yet deployed.
<!--This page is currently deployed. [View the live website.]()-->

## Feedback and Bugs

If you have feedback or a bug report, please feel free to open a GitHub issue!

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, you may create a Pull Request containing your proposed changes and we will review it as soon as we are able! Please review our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## Code of Conduct

Before interacting with our community, please read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Licensing

Copyright (C) 2021 Nicholas Carrigan

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

The full license terms may be viewed in the [LICENSE.md file](./LICENSE.md)

## Contact

We may be contacted through our [Chat Server](http://chat.nhcarrigan.com) or via [email form](https://contact.nhcarrigan.com).

Commit message:

feat: establish tooling
Sets up initial tooling for the project.

README.md, after:

# Top Translators

This is an MVP for generating a top translator list from Crowdin's API.

## Live Version

This page is not yet deployed.

<!--This page is currently deployed. [View the live website.]()-->

## Feedback and Bugs

If you have feedback or a bug report, please feel free to open a GitHub issue!

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, you may create a Pull Request containing your proposed changes and we will review it as soon as we are able! Please review our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## Code of Conduct

Before interacting with our community, please read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Licensing

Copyright (C) 2021 Nicholas Carrigan

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

The full license terms may be viewed in the [LICENSE.md file](./LICENSE.md)

## Contact

We may be contacted through our [Chat Server](http://chat.nhcarrigan.com) or via [email form](https://contact.nhcarrigan.com).
